TODO Websocket instead of HTTP?
Fixes and tweaks
  TODO Beautification
  TODO Conform totally with style guide guidelines
TODO Offline version in case of emergencies?
TODO Error handling and testing
TODO The way the Timer works with the OnStarted and constant resets is non obvious and kind of confusing.
TODO The progress bar shows questions completed. Should there also be a question # on to avoid confusion?
TODO Add polyfill for Angular 2 Animations

TODO WHAT IF BACK BUTTON HIT?

TODO Fix up index.js and the like to make it more suitable for deployment. Stuff like making paths for server make more sense,
 looking into better ways to force angular 2 routes to go to index.html, etc. https://github.com/vladotesanovic/angular2-express-starter
 is a good place to look for ideas

TODO need to ensure that PracticeQuestions still work properly.

TODO need to account for internet failures and outages. Continue sending save requests.
TODO Categories before loading of question?
TODO Lag for answer check/end check? - get all the correct and incorrect answers; then locally do animation - this is
    less safe. Could do this for the final animation, using a callback or something similar. But storing the incorrect
    and correct answers locally, while this would be faster for animation, would be susceptible to someone looking
    at code and finding answer.
TODO fix questions

TODO Security - is it secure?

TODO make team number more clear - people think assigned or start assigning

TODO More self-documentation apparent to users due to lack of guide now

TODO Add heroku config variables to allow changing of questions w/o rebuilding if use some sort of download link to file
 which program uses only if <something> (store file with url, if url is same then don't download? or download and hash
 and compare hash... that could create issues with too much downloading) - first one is probably best. Do it on server start

TODO Make spell check program output to text file

TODO how does questions_preparer even work right??? It seems like it shouldn't be able to correctly handle ',' within
  questions/answers (sometimes my genius is a mystery even to myself)

TODO Develop vq prescribed distribution (distribution of questions that is, so that we dont end up with a million pop
  culture or chemistry questions)

TODO Keep backlog of questions in google drive
TODO Keep backlog of useful statistics on questions
TODO Automatically generate useful statistics on  current questions

TODO improve readme

TODO add compodoc for documentation

TODO make it so that teams actually need a code or something to play?